Update k8s.tlsSecretName property behaviour doc (#1687)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/ref_checluster-custom-resource-fields-reference.adoc

`ingressStrategy`: `multi-host`: Strategy for ingress creation. This can be `multi-host` (host is explicitly provided in ingress), `single-host` (host is provided, path-based rules) and `default-host.*`(no host is provided, path-based rules).
`securityContextFsGroup,omitempty`: `1724`: FSGroup the {prod-short} Pod and Workspace Pods containers run in.
`securityContextRunAsUser`: `1724`: ID of the user the {prod-short} Pod and Workspace Pods containers run as.

> `tlsSecretName`: che-tls: Name of a secret that is used to set ingress TLS termination if TLS is enabled. If specified secret doesn't exist, self-signed certificate will be created. If the value empty or omitted, default ingress certificate will be used. See also the `tlsSupport` field. Note, if switch from user defined to cluster default ingress certificate, `self-signed-certificate` secret should be delete manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tlsSecretName`: che-tls: Name of a secret that is used to set ingress TLS termination if TLS is enabled. If the specified secret does not exist, a self-signed certificate will be created. If the value empty or omitted, the default ingress certificate will be used. See also the `tlsSupport` field. Note, if switch from user-defined to cluster default ingress certificate, `self-signed-certificate` secret should be deleted manually.
```
